PRIVACY POLICY FOR EZ FILE EXPLORER


This privacy policy governs your use of the software application Ez File Explorer.

What information does the Application obtain and how is it used?

User Provided Information

This application does not use or store any user provided information.

Does the Application collect precise real time location information of the device?
This Application does not collect precise information about the location of your mobile device.

Automatic Data Collection and Advertising

We may work with analytics companies to help us understand how the Application is being used, such as the frequency and duration of usage. We work with advertisers and third party advertising networks, who need to know how you interact with advertising provided in the Application which helps us keep the cost of the Application free. Advertisers and advertising networks use some of the information collected by the Application, including, but not limited to, the unique identification ID of your mobile device.

Our "free to use" Applications may display advertising from "admob, by Google", Facebook Audience Network. Our applications link to the advertising services using their application interface.

The collection and use of personal data by advertisers is covered by the privacy policies of the adverting companies:

Admob, by Google: http://www.admob.com/home/privacy

Facebook Audience Network: https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation

Our Applications link with the advertisement services making use of a minimal interface that permits the display of banner and full screen advertising. Our Applications do not provide any of your personal information to the advertisement services (e.g. we do not tell them anything about you, to enable them to target advertising based on your profile). This application includes access permissions (e.g. Internet access) in order to display the advertising.

We have access to limited and anonymous statistical information about the use of our Applications from Google Play and Google Analytics.

If you’d like to opt-out from third party use of this type of information to help serve targeted advertising, please visit the section entitled “Opt-out” below.

What are my opt-out options?
Opt-out of all information collection by uninstalling the Application: You can stop all collection of information by the Application easily by uninstalling the Application. You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network.

If you are concerned about your privacy, please consider purchasing the full version of this app which does not use advertisements and doesn't require Internet access permissions.

Changes
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes.

Your Consent
By using the Application, you are consenting to our processing of your information as described in this document.

Contact us
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application or have questions about our practices, please contact us via email at 6627253egtn@gmail.com.